# Assignment-Table
Create a table with student names,id,assingnment, and a final grade column to get the average of all the assignments, an advanced version which can dynamically add columns and rows and load/save cookies.
Description for beginner version: You are required to develop an HTML/CSS/JS application that implements the following functionality. Use HTML/CSS to present hypothetical student assignment grades using an online styled table.
The table should contain columns for the students' names (Name), ID numbers (ID), results (a grade between 0-100) for five assignments (Assignment 1, Assignment 2, etc.), together with a Final Grade column that contains the arithmetic average of the five assignment grades in the preceding columns.
The table should contain default data (-) for ten hypothetical students; "-" indicates that a particular assignment has not yet been submitted. The table should be created using HTML, and styled using CSS (names and IDs should be left-aligned, headings should be centre aligned, and numbers should be right-aligned).
Only table cells containing actual grades should be "content editable", and  allow manual entry of the grades (every cell in all columns is editable except for the final aggregate column).
The table style should utilise a sans-serif font for all data presentation. Apart from cells denoting column headings, all cells should have a white background with black text. 
You should provide a styled button, centred below the table, with a background colour other than white or black, and should have text that says "Calculate Final Grades", that invokes a JavaScript function that calculates the average grade for each student, and writes the arithmetic average (mean) to the "Final Grade" column.
The value should be rounded, not include decimal places, and be expressed as a percentage, for example, "55%" and not "55.3", "61.7%", etc. 
Final Grades that have a value below 40, should be styled so that the grade font is presented using a white colour on a red background. 

Description for a more advanced version: You are required to develop an HTML/CSS/JS application that implements the following functionality.
Use HTML/CSS to present hypothetical student assignment grades using an online styled table. The initial table should contain columns for the students' names (Name), ID numbers (ID),  Assignment 1, (a grade between 0-100 for this assignment),
together with a Final Grade column that contains the arithmetic average of the assignment grades in the preceding columns. The initial table should contain a single row for student data, and as indicated, initially there is only one Assignment column.
The table should be created using HTML, and styled using CSS (names and IDs should be left-aligned, headings should be centre aligned, and numbers should be right-aligned). For this assignment, table cells containing the student's name, student's id, and actual grades should be "content editable", and  allow manual entry of the cell data. You may decide to also make the column header cells (titles) content-editable if you wish. The table style should utilise a sans-serif font for all data presentation. Apart from cells denoting column headings, all cells should have a white background with black text. 
You should incorporate all of the functionality from part (ii) of the previous assignment (calculating average assignment grades following a button click. Please note that there are no marks awarded for including this functionality, but marks will be deducted if it is not present.
You should provide additional buttons with the following functionality:
A CSS styled button that inserts a new table row suitable for recording new student data. You can insert after the last row of the table. Students should provide one button that saves the table in its current state i.e. if there are 5 rows and 6 cells, the cookie should reflect that.
A CSS styled button that inserts a new table column suitable for recording new Assignment grade data. This column requires a title. You can decide how you wish to accomplish the title allocation (automatic, content-edit, etc.). There should be another button that then retrieves that data and fills it back to the table in the state that it previously held. If extra rows or columns have been added, the table should revert back to its previous state when the cookie was saved (5 rows and 6 cells).
